{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I like being in a constant learning environment and where I\'92m able to challenge myself when ever possible. Web design has become the method in my life that requires both creation and creativity has parameters. Creativity helps power my need to create things and solve problems.\
\
When approaching what interests me, its doesn't take long for those interests to become obsessions. From obsessions to passions, where I strive to keep use those passions throughout my daily life.\
\
Creativity an essential tool in the learning process. In my experience, it has allowed me to take the learning process in my own hands and enjoy gaining knowledge\
\
I like being a wondering encyclopedia of intelligence. If you haven't gotten the hint yet, I make sure I keep my mind running at 100%. Even if it means taking a fascination with an odd vocabulary, or hacking things together.\
\
I have a rather adventurous spirit, with a mind that always needs to be mentally stimulated. I take an interest in philosophy, psychology, and perception. When those big words aren't enough, I like to play around with art, make-up, and my own unique and dreary sense of fashion.\
\
Live event stage manager.\
Build for event management for show production enviroments. I plan on to continue with the functionality and extend the web application.\
Currently allows a user to create events, categories, crews, and a segment schedule.\
\
\
Shot list manager.\
Where a user can add projects, and extend further by creating a shot list of the required camera shots needed to complete a project\
\
Expense manager and tracker. Allows a user to add incomes and expenses, where transitions are listed out and summed out.\
\
Took existing site and formatted to modern web standards, better user interaction and site functionality\
\
Animation application geared towards an elementary audience. Designed to promote creativity through different mediums. Animated by overlaying images.}